Closes #2480 derive pair of variables (#2503)
pharmaverse/admiral: vignettes/adsl.Rmd

Numeric and categorical variables (`AGE`, `RACE`, `COUNTRY`, etc.) may need to be grouped to perform
the required analysis.
`{admiral}` provides the `derive_vars_cat()` function to create such groups.

> This function is especially useful if more than one variables need to be created for
> each condition, which is not the case here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function is especially useful if more than one variable needs to be created for
each condition, e.g., `AGEGR1` and `AGEGR1N.
```
Below I would use `derive_vars_cat()` for deriving `AGEGR1` and `AGEGR1N` and `mutate()` for `REGION1`. I think this makes it more concise.

Numeric and categorical variables (`AGE`, `RACE`, `COUNTRY`, etc.) may need to be grouped to perform
the required analysis.

> `{admiral}` does not **currently** have functionality to assist with all required groupings. So, the user will often need to create his/her own function to meet his/her study requirement. 

Author: Not sure if using this function in this circumstance is an improvement, as the result depend on the order. 

@bundfussr wdyt?

Also, it would be cool to do both AGEGR and REGION in just one lookup table, e.g. if we set the not-respective categorisation to NULL or something.. 
Although if you have really many variables to derive, that would expand the lookup table a lot, so in that case it would not make sense... hmm...

Reviewer: I think the new function is useful if you need both the character and the numeric variable of a grouping. If you just need one of them, you could just use `mutate()` in combination with `if_else()`, `case_match()` or `case_when()`.

We could provide examples for both cases here.

I'm not sure if a big lookup table for many grouping variables would be useful. This seems to contradict the modularity approach of admiral.

Author: You are right. 
I added the previous version as an alternative below.

> `{admiral}` provides the `derive_vars_cat` function to create such groups. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`{admiral}` provides the `derive_vars_cat()` function to create such groups. 
```
